>> James Halliday: Another fun little
utility to play around with is called
fold.
So if you wanna format text to
do things like word wrapping,
you can use the fold command.
So for example,
going back to Moby Dick for a bit.
So if we pull out the first 250 lines of
Moby Dick, maybe we wanna format it so
that,
>> James Halliday: Instead
of these really wide columns, or instead
of this really wide output, we can have it
be formatted a little more narrowly,
cuz sometimes that's easier to read.
So we can do fold -w 30, and
that uses 30 characters of width.
And then, it's a little bit annoying,
because it actually breaks
the output in between words.
So if you don't want it to do that,
I think it's -sw, yeah,
and that will break it on words.
Of course,
there's already new lines in the file, so
it's kind of annoying as well.
But you could use a little set expression
if you want to kind of cut things up in
a better way, and
you can format it however you like.